## Welcome to Introduction to Data Science with Python!

In this course you'll learn the basics of data modeling, from nearest-neighbor approaches and simple linear models to intermediate techniques like Ridge and LASSO. You'll learn about model selection, how to avoid overfitting, and some of the most common mistakes people make in data science. By the end you'll be prepared to move into more advanced courses, or maybe even a junior position in the data science industry.

## Instructor Intro

**Pavlos Protopapas**

Pavlos Protopapas is the instructor for this course! You'll see him in videos in every section.

Pavlos is the Scientific Program director at the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS), and has had a long and distinguished career as a scientist and data science educator, and currently teaches the CS109 course series for basic and advanced data science at Harvard University, as well as the capstone course (industry-sponsored data science projects) for the IACS master’s program at Harvard. Pavlos has a Ph.D in theoretical physics from the University of Pennsylvania and has focused recently on the use of machine learning and AI in astronomy, and computer science. He was Deputy Director of the National Expandable Clusters Program (NSCP) at the University of Pennsylvania, and was instrumental in creating the Initiative in Innovative Computing (IIC) at Harvard. Pavlos has taught multiple courses on machine learning and computational science at Harvard, and at summer schools, and at programs internationally.


**Course Staff**

- Chris Gumb, senior content developer
- Yuen-Ting Chow, content developer
- Max Cembalest, content developer
- Varshini Reddy, content developer
- Patrick DeKelly, content developer
- Angela Garabet, content developer
- Nabib Ahmed
- Rachel D'Erminio, illustrator
- Halle Johns, video editor
- Colin Fredericks, instructional design lead